I'm Sean bujji with wilkinson and
associates and we are at 76 bridlewood
we have a brick walkway to the front
extensive landscaping trail down to the
front with lighting water and electrical
outlets at bridge let's go inside we're
now in the split great room and
entertaining area full fireplace
built-in entertainment center you come
into the game room which has a wet bar
large area for a pool table and this
opens dramatically into your sunroom
which has a wall of windows and a direct
masturbat bedroom access we're now in
the sun room which has direct access to
the exterior jacuzzi also has an easy
access through double doors into the
master bedroom a very large master bath
expansive master bedroom tile flooring
isn't her sinks three closets and if you
come around to the other entry into the
master you can see you have your own
office suite as well
we're now in the kitchen you can see the
large breakfast area it looks out over
the English garden and come through the
kitchen in the chef's door into the
formal dining room says direct access to
the entry and flows easily into the
formal living room we're now upstairs
and you're in the mother-in-law suite
with its own full bath this comes right
out onto the loft area with dramatic
hardwood flooring two other bedrooms a
very large bath come right by the stairs
and you will also see that we have a
large bonus room up here in addition to
these generous bedrooms very large bath
multi-zone heating and air and the bonus
has sewing area skylights and a large
closet
when out the putting green in the
backyard this is just above the jacuzzi
outside of the sunroom very private
extensive landscaping you can see that
this comes around you can see the
hammock the swing and this is going to
bleed us up the trail that's going to
bring us by the split waterfall that
ends in the koi pond and terminates at
the gazebo at the top of the hill we're
now coming up the stairs the lit stairs
from the rear of the property up to the
gazebo pass the waterfall and the koi
pond we're now at the gazebo lit gazebo
very private you feel like you're up in
a tree house here on the top of the hill
and let's go check out the English
garden we're now in the English garden
section directly off of the great room
and the kitchen you see the fountain
extensive and mature landscaping in the
back here very private with gates
double-door entry just gorgeous again
I'm Sean bougie and with wilkinson
associates and i encourage you to call
me for a private viewing at 704 7919 398
thank you